# Assignment 2 - Sentiment analysis on movie reviews  
In this assignment, you are given a dataset of movie reviews. You are requested to perform basic NLP preprocessings on the dataset. Then you will perform review-level sentiment classification task on the data you processed.

## Dataset

- `train.csv` - This is the training data. `5000` reviews with corresponding labels
- `talid.csv` - This is the validation data. `2000` reviews with corresponding lables
- **Labels** - `0` is negative sentiment. `1` is positive sentiment

## Technical approach
There is no restriction of your technical models. Namely, you could use typical machine learning approach (eg. TF-IDF, naive bayes classifier etc.) or deep learning approach (eg. `CNN`, `RNN`, pretrained models etc.) 

## Evaluation
You are requested to perform the basic NLP pre-processing (_tokenization, normalization, stopwords removal etc._) on the dataset. You should train your model **offline** on the training data provided and tuned on the validation data. In the end, you will need to submit your prediction scripts. We will run your prediction scripts on testing data (which is hidden from you). The testing data will have the same format as `test-format.csv`. Make sure your prediction script runs on this format WITHOUT bugs. (Specifically, your script should be able to take the input of a csv file that is similar as `test-format.csv`. No debugging will be performed by the instructor) Then the performance on testing data for each student will be ranked in the class (the metric will be **macro-F1 score**). Your final score for assignment 2 is comprised of 2 parts: fundamental score of preprocessings + scaled ranking score in the class on testing data.

## Consistency: 
If you use deep learning based approach, different initializations or different library versions will yield various results on the same model/data. For the fairness of class and reproduction of experimental results, we request you to follow the below version control (if you use the following libraries/distributions).

### Requirements
Use Python 3.6 and the following dependencies:

- `torch==1.7.0`
- `tensorflow==2.0`
- `keras==2.3.1`
- `transformers==4.5.0`
- `numpy==1.20.0`
- `scikit-learn==0.21`

Set the following random seeds for reproducibility:

- `random.seed(1234)`
- `np.random.seed(1234)`
- `torch.manual_seed(1234)`
- `tf.random.set_seed(1234)`

# Submission
- Your pre-proccessed training dataset. Recommend in `.csv` format.
- Prediction scripts and necessary files supporting running your script.
- A readme file on how to run your scripts and a brief introduction of your model. 
- A `requirements.txt` file delcaring all your used packages/libraries. (You are suggested to run your script in a virtual environment. If so, this `requirements.txt` can easily generated by running `pip freeze > requirements.txt`)
- TEST your codes before submission. Buggy scripts will receive 0 grades.
